Non Overlapping Discs
=====================

Your goal is to find a list of up to 50 discs with the largest
possible area.

Each disc should be centred on one of the 100 provided points and the
discs should not overlap any other disc or any other point.

Your list of 50 discs must be specified with a radius and the point
upon which they are centered. You should try to make discs as large as
you can without them overlapping other discs or points.

Good luck, have fun!

:tada: :tada: :tada:

## Usage

This project comes set up for completing the challenge, including an
example answer that you can try and improve on.

    $ sbt
    ...
    > run

After running the project, you should see something like the
following:

    Your answer is: 1,20.0,2,20.0,3,20.0,4,20.0,5,20.0,6,20.0,7,20.0,8,20.0,9,20.0,10,20.0,11,20.0,12,20.0,13,20.0,14,20.0,15,20.0,16,20.0,17,20.0,18,20.0,19,20.0,20,20.0,21,20.0,22,20.0,23,20.0,24,20.0,25,20.0,26,20.0,27,20.0,28,20.0,29,20.0,30,20.0,31,20.0,32,20.0,33,20.0,34,20.0,35,20.0,36,20.0,37,20.0,38,20.0,39,20.0,40,20.0,41,20.0,42,20.0,43,20.0,44,20.0,45,20.0,46,20.0,47,20.0,48,20.0,49,20.0,50,20.0
    The total area of your answer is: 62831.8530717959
    Open the following in your browser to see your answer:
    Visualisation: file:///tmp/discs-answer.html

You can load the visualisation file in your web-browser as instructed
to look at the answer. It can be really helpful to do this to get a
sense of where your solution can be improved, or to debug problems
with your approach.

If you want to run the project every time the code changes you can use
`~run`, which will watch for changes and execute the `run` command
each time.

    $ sbt
    ...
    > ~run

This initially provided answer is not a very good one, have a look at
you'll be able to improve on it! It only has 15 discs, you can use up
to 50 in your answer.  Also, all the discs are hard-coded to a radius
of 20. It would be better to make each disc as large as fits in the
available space (i.e. without overlapping another disc or point).

## Repository layout

```
.
├── README.md
├── build.sbt
├── project
│   └── build.properties
└── src
    └── main
        └── scala
            └── discs
                ├── DiscLogic.scala
                ├── Main.scala
                ├── Visualise.scala
                └── models.scala

5 directories, 7 files
```

### DiscLogic

The [DiscLogic.scala](src/main/scala/discs/DiscLogic.scala) file
contains some example logic for the program. The provided logic is
just a hard-coded answer, you'll be able to do better!

The `workOutAnswer` function will be called by `Main.scala`, this is
what should return your answer. You should feel free to create lots of
functions in this file to split the work into simple pieces, but it's
up to you how you want to go about solving the challenge.

It also provides a function for calculating the area of a disc. This
is used to calculate the area for your answer, so best to leave this
function where it is.

### models

[models.scala](src/main/scala/discs/models.scala) contains the case
classes for the project. This keeps the definitions of our types
separate from our logic.

### Main

We provide an initial [Main.scala](src/main/scala/discs/Main.scala)
that will run your logic. It will use your answer to build a
submission (that can be checked by the teachers), work out the total
area of your answer, and produce a visualisation of your answer to
help you with debugging.

### Visualise

[Visualise.scala](src/main/scala/discs/Visualise.scala) contains the
code that produces a visualisation of your answer.

After running the program you'll be able to view the generated
visualisation in a web browser. Click on a disc to see more
information about it (the label of the point at its centre, and its
radius) at the top of the page. This information might be helpful for
debugging your submission.

## Definitions

### Point

A 2-dimensional point on our map, comprised of an `x` and `y`
coordinate.

    case class Point(x: Double, y: Double)

The list of points to use for this challenge is provided by
`Main.scala`.

### Disc

A circle represented by a centre point, and a radius.

    case class Circle(centre: Point, radius: Double)

The centre point must be a point that exists on the map.

A disc is valid if it does not overlap any other disc *and* it does
not overlap any other point on the map.

### Answer

An answer is a valid collection of up to 50 discs, and the total
radius they cover.
